Change "dartfmt" -> "dart format". (#220)
dart-lang/collection: CONTRIBUTING.md

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review.

### Presubmit testing

> * All code must pass analysis by the `dartanalyzer` (`dartanalyzer --fatal-warnings .`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All code must pass analysis by the dart analyzer (`dart analyze --fatal-infos`).
```

Author: Done.
